Special Abilities:

Cats:
Lion - This special ability calls in the lions pack which, in terms of visuals, will have the lions come in from
the outside of the map and surround the player’s avatar. This allows for the player to block other cats from moving
in front of them (the other cat’s must move around this obstacle).

Tiger - Steal the energy from other players. Choose a cat to steal energy from but if that cat doesn’t have energy
to give then the player only loses their own till the energy replenishes. If the cat does have energy then that cat
can no longer use their special ability and must now wait for their energy to replenish. Also if the player was
successful then they again have a full energy bar and can use another ability right away. Visually the cat swipes
at the other cat to steal the energy.

Lynx - This cat increases the chance for a player to get strong power attacks. Making the stronger attacks (those
that affect all players at once) have an increased chance of being collected by 40%. (6.25 up 40% = 8.75 chance of
being received).

Tom Cat - On each course there are some special roads that allow the player to skip some section of the track. Thus
this cat gives players the ability to take short-cuts. These shortcuts are small spaces like maybe air ducts for
example and so only a small Tom Cat can fit into these spaces.

Sphynx - This allows the player to hop onto the back of another player’s avatar (nearby) and let them do the
walking. So essentially the player gets to take a short break from doing anything and just sit and watch as their
chosen ‘servant’, just one of the cat avatars, takes them forward. (This does not affect the movement or actions of
the cat that is being ridden on).

Leopard - Camouflage and blend in with the track so that other player’s can no longer see the Leopard avatar. So
now the avatar is invisible to the other cats and only the player using the Leopard avatar can see themselves on
their screen window. So players can no longer target this avatar with any abilities or attacks.

Cheetah - Speed sprint forward. This allows the player to move quickly forward for a short time. Once the player
has used their speed boost their cat will move a little slower than before triggering the ability. The player
regains their normal speed over a short period of time by having their current speed slowly increase back up to the
normal speed.

Black Panther - Use ‘ghosting’ to confuse your opponents. This makes the player still visible to other players
however if they try to hit the user with a player ability then then nothing happens besides both player’s losing
energy. If the player uses a power attack then the player that fired it will then feel the effects of that attack.


Walkers:
Big Wheels (Similar to Tiger) - Steal the energy from other players. Choose a cat to steal energy from but if that
cat doesn’t have energy to give then the player only loses their own energy. If the cat does have energy then that
cat must now wait to use their special ability until their energy replenishes. Also if the player was successful in
stealing energy then they again have a full energy bar and can use another ability right away. Visually the walker
drives over another cat and to steal their energy.

Tennis Balls (Similar to Lion) - This special ability calls in tennis balls which, in terms of visuals, will roll
in from the outside of the map and surround the player’s avatar. This allows for the player to block other cats
from moving in front of them (the other cat’s must move around this obstacle).

At-At (Similar to Tom Cat) - On each course there are some special roads that allow the player to skip some section
of the track. Thus this walker gives players the ability to take short-cuts. These shortcuts are small spaces but
obstacle to other players. For example maybe a safari tourist bus with this the walker will stretch out its legs
and walk right over the obstacle. No need to go around like the other players.

Biker (Similar to Cheetah) - Speed sprint forward. This allows the player to move quickly forward for a short time.
Once the player has used their speed boost their cat will move a little slower than before triggering the ability. 
The player regains their normal speed over a short period of time by having their current speed slowly increase
back up to the normal speed.

Seaters (Similar to Sphynx) - This allows the player to grab onto the back of another player’s avatar (nearby) and
let them do the walking. So essentially the player gets to take a short break from doing anything and just sit and
watch as their chosen cat takes them forward. (This does not affect the movement or actions of the cat that is
being connect to).

Foldable (Similar to Leopard) - Fold and disappear so that other player’s can no longer see the player avatar. Now
the avatar is invisible to the other cats and only the player using the this ability can see themselves on their
window screen. So players can no longer target this avatar with any abilities or attacks.

8-Ball (Similar to Lynx) - This walker increases the chance for a player to get strong power attacks. Making the
stronger attacks (those that affect all players at once) have an increased chance of being collected by 40%.
(6.25 up 40% = 8.75 chance of being received).

Wheels (Similar to Black Panther) - Roll back a player ability or attack when they try to hit the player’s avatar.
This will deflect the ability or attack a player used. If another player tries to hit the user with a player
ability then then nothing happens besides both player’s losing energy. If the player uses a power attack then the
player that fired it will then feel the effects of that attack.



Power Attacks:
Catnip - (6.25% chance of being collected)
Causes all players (besides the user) in a given area around the Catnip to stop moving for a short period of time.
The cats that are in a close enough proximity to the Catnip will move to the location of the (disabling the players
movements during this time). The player will regain control once the time is up. If a Leopard uses their special
while they are being pulled toward the Catnip then they will regain control right away. If a Black Panther uses
their special ability then they to regain control but they do not reflect the power attack back at the player that
used the Catnip.

Meat (Similar to Catnip) - (18.75% chance of being collected) 
Cause one player (close to the user) to freeze for a moment and lose control of their cat. The cat will move toward
the meat and once the short stall time has ending the player regains control over their  cat. If a Leopard uses
their special while they are being pulled toward the Meat then they will regain control right away. If a Black
Panther uses their special ability then they to regain control but they do not reflect the power attack back at the
player that used the Meat.

Water - (6.25% chance of being collected)
Causes all players (except user) to lose there collected power attacks. Leopards and Black Panthers can only avoid
this attack if they already had activated their special ability before the attack was triggered.

Kitty Litter (Similar to Water) - (18.75% chance of being collected)
Causes one player close to the user to lose their collected power attacks. Leopards and Black Panthers can only
avoid this attack if they already had activated their special ability before the attack was triggered.

Deer (Similar to Meat) - (18.75% chance of being collected)
Causes one player that is directly behind the user to stop and attack the deer. Slowing the cat’s motions for a
moment. If a Leopard uses their special while they are being pulled toward the Deer then they will regain control
right away. If a Black Panther uses their special ability then they to regain control but they do not reflect the
power attacks back at the player that used the Deer.

Sleep - (6.25% chance of being collected)
Causes all players to move slowly for a short time allowing the user to be faster than the other players. The user
is still moving at their normal speed. Leopards and Black panthers can shorten the time of this attack.

Scratchin Post - (6.25% chance of being collected)
All players (except user) will lose their accumulated energy. Making players need to wait to be able to use their
special abilities. Leopards and Black Panthers can only avoid this attack if they already had activated their
special ability before the attack was triggered.

Laser (Similar to Scratching Post) - (18.75% chance of being collected)
One player loses their energy. This player must be in close proximity to the user. Leopards and Black Panthers can
only avoid this attack if they already had activated their special ability before the attack was triggered.